doc: clarify napi_get_value_string_* for bufsize 0 (#58158)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

  passed in, the length of the string in bytes and excluding the null terminator
  is returned in `result`.
* `[in] bufsize`: Size of the destination buffer. When this value is

>   insufficient, the returned string is truncated and null-terminated if possible,
>   i.e., it is null-terminated if `bufsize` is not zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  insufficient, the returned string is truncated and null-terminated.
  If this value is zero, then the string is not returned and no changes are done
  to the buffer.
```

  in, the length of the string in bytes and excluding the null terminator is
  returned in `result`.
* `[in] bufsize`: Size of the destination buffer. When this value is

>   insufficient, the returned string is truncated and null-terminated if possible,
>   i.e., it is null-terminated if `bufsize` is not zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  insufficient, the returned string is truncated and null-terminated.
  If this value is zero, then the string is not returned and no changes are done
  to the buffer.
```

  passed in, the length of the string in 2-byte code units and excluding the
  null terminator is returned.
* `[in] bufsize`: Size of the destination buffer. When this value is

>   insufficient, the returned string is truncated and null-terminated if possible,
>   i.e., it is null-terminated if `bufsize` is not zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  insufficient, the returned string is truncated and null-terminated.
  If this value is zero, then the string is not returned and no changes are done
  to the buffer.
```
